Introduction
============
This is a Java library that provides several graph algorithms, including many specialized for planar graphs.

Downloads
=========
The library can be downloaded as a binary or source package from [https://github.com/trickl/trickl-graph/downloads](https://github.com/trickl/trickl-graph/downloads "Distribution download page").

The source can be also retrieved straight from the Git repository: `git clone git@github.com:trickl/trickl-graph.git`.

Features
========
An implementation for a Doubly Connected Edge List (an efficient mesh representation), along with XML representation.
Connectivity Tests.
Traversal visitors (breadth first, depth first) for use with other algorithms.
Graph partitioning.
Delaunay - Voronoi generators and conversion.
Some basic planar graph generators.
Planar graph layout (Chrobak Payne, Fold Free).
Canonical Ordering.
Planar sub-graphs.

Requirements
------------
Depends on the JGraphT library. At the time of writing, the latest jgrapht library is not available in Maven central. It should be downloaded manually from www.jgrapht.org and manually installed into the local Maven repository using the command:

mvn install:install-file -DgroupId=org.jgrapht -DartifactId=jgrapht-jdk1.6 -Dversion=0.8.2 -Dpackaging=jar -Dfile=/path/to/file

Where the artifactId and version should be changed if necessary.

License and conditions of use
=============================
The program is available under GNU General Public License (see file `license-gpl.txt` in the distribution package for the text of the license).

Example usage
=============
Some Junit tests are provided and should be used to consult usage.
